respect on inspecting the suit me the
title I'm gonna do title she expect
nigga look at all by the care to these
niggas getting shot through my niggas in
the box I've been running from cops but
I gotta get the squat and bitches giving
tops I can meet and kissing him I can't
wait for thought back to the block from
my niggas get that bread Adam I got that
work you could tell him I said that
since high school in Grade seven item
been strapped fam right in our head
where yo click get high well you'll fit
fat I let it click class writing for the
Jews nigga thought I told you that I
these niggas Teddy dishing shooters like
pimpin pay the tuition don't wanna be a
victim I just tell my dog sicko no Doug
we pop that hollow tips it'll rip from
got niggas in the kitchen skirt steady
whip skirt for that work will put you in
the dirt put food on the market and sell
it on the first but I've been there done
that so drug bust reps and if I go broke
ain't no saying I ain't going back it's
a fact this ain't only rep and bo denied
and they'll push your way back that set
it off firework are you his people
thinking that his fireworks put him in
the dirt party in our hearse before all
that that had your fair miniature I'll
hit him where it hurts if you fuck with
mine if you my nigga I got your back
like a spine I got your back like a
sponge roll neck over my love I got your
back like a spine hit him where it hurts
if he fucking what mine I'm just on the
road to riches steady on my grind expect
the unexpected and I'm here for what's
mine through my nigga I got your back
like a spine hit him where it hurts if
he fucking with mine I'm just on the
road to riches steady on my grind expect
the unexpected and I'm here for what's
mine my nigga I got your back like a
spine hit him where it hurts if he
fucking
mind I'm just on the road to riches
steady on my brand expect the unexpected
and I'm here for what's mine